John ran across the green plane. He didn't like the grass, but he loved the sun, the rain and the wind in his teeth. There was a tree at the end of the field. The tree spoke to him. The tree told him to come. The tree did not want to eat him. But he wanted to climb the tree. However, deep in the grass was hidden a snake, ready to bite those who wished to climb the tree. The tree has long curved branches. The snake was black with green stripes. You are alone. He wants to see you. The boy had red trousers, and a green shirt. The boy was ignorant. The tree was strong. The snake was malicious. The snake was actually hungry. Maybe you are hungry. Maybe this story sounds silly. It's not supposed to be art. It's just for my little experiment, you see. Theresa May has backed away from a pledge to require companies to put worker representatives on boards. Speaking to the CBI's annual conference, Mrs May said firms would not be forced to adopt the controversial proposal. 'This is not about mandating works councils, or the direct appointment of workers or trade union representatives on boards,' she said. Mrs May's pledge had met with a cool response from business lobby groups. The prime minister said there were 'other routes' that used existing board structures, but supplemented by advisory councils or panels. 'It will be a question of finding the model that works,' she said. Mrs May promised to shake-up corporate governance as part of her Conservative Party leadership campaign in July, and repeated the promise at last month's party conference when she said she planned to have 'not just consumers represented on company boards, but workers as well'. Asked if she had dropped plans for the direct appointment of workers on boards, Mrs May said she had 'clarified' that 'we want workers' representation on boards', but 'there are a number of ways in which that can be achieved. 'She said the government would soon publish its plans to reform corporate governance, which would cover firms' accountability to shareholders, executive pay as well as proposals to ensure employees' voices were heard. In her speech to business leaders, Mrs May also pledged an extra £2bn a year in funding for scientific research and development by 2020. The CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial Semi Completo de CMLL in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) since 1991. As with other professional wrestling championships, it is not an actual competition, but is won according to a scripted ending to a match, and sometimes awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline. The light heavyweight division in Mexico ranges between 92 kg (203 lb) and 97 kg (214 lb), but the weight limits are not always strictly adhered to. Because CMLL puts more emphasis on the lower weight classes, this division is considered more important in Mexico; the heavyweight division is considered the most important championship by most promotions outside of Mexico. The current CMLL World Light Heavyweight Champion in his first reign is La Máscara (pictured), who won it by defeating Ángel de Oro in April 2016. La Máscara is the 15th overall champion and the 13th wrestler to officially hold the championship. The title has been vacated only once since its creation in 1991. Fifty-two hat-tricks have been achieved in the history of the Six Nations Championship and its predecessor tournaments. In rugby union, a hat-trick is the scoring of three tries or three drop goals in a single match. The first player to achieve the feat was Charles Wade (pictured), who was an Australian student at Oxford University when he was called up as a travelling reserve for England's match against Wales in 1882. When Philip Newton got lost on his way to the match, Wade was instated in his place. He scored three tries in England's 2–0 victory, which was the first match of the championship. George Lindsay scored five tries in Scotland's 4–0 win over Wales in 1887, the most tries scored by a single player in a Championship match. Besides Lindsay, six players have scored more than three tries in a Championship match; of these Ian Smith is the only player to achieve the feat twice. Four players have scored a hat-trick of drop goals: Pierre Albaladejo, Jean-Patrick Lescarboura, Diego Dominguez and Neil Jenkins. English players have scored the most hat-tricks with 15, while France and Ireland have conceded the most, with 11 each
