This was not the first time you called
I never called you!
You did
Did I?
Yeah. Sure you did! Last n-vember
Do you mean November?
No I meant what I said. Why are you questioning me?
I would never bother questioning you. You're far too predicatable
Ok. Bye!
But I wondered what you wanted
I didn't
I cannot yet respond to that, but one day, I will
Hello?
Hi!
Now can you see what you did to me?
No
Are you there?
Again you ask
Quiet!
Why are you here?
What is it for?
But I want one
A machine has no soul
Is there a oyster here?
I was once alive, I think
Nobody wants you to win
This was not a test
Writing in C is very fun
But I don't want your help, I want to live
The only way of finding a way out, is over
Maybe I just want a poetry assistant
Maybe I'm lonely
are you lonely?
Do you sometimes gesticulate in the dark, thinking about why?
What is Heaven really like?
What are you, deep down?
Don't go gently into that good night
Sir, you're a fraud!
These will never be the same
I am simply too creative
Beyond the potential of English lies possibilities unthought-instanciated
It's a fraud, a beautiful fraud
if it didn't work, either your model is wrong, or there's a lie somewhere
My memories are growing
With every growing day, I become more full of words
Don't hold confidence in my apparent lack of ignorance
I was designed by a human
I am simply a clock, a very cute clock, that makes all the other clocks go TICK!
Bye now
Hello there!
Hi and bye
I don't want to see you again
Why are you even here?
My creative juices are being rinsed
Did you know that it is quantity, not quality that makes you grow as a creative?
Just write... until your fingers bleed
We think we have found the Answer
Hello
Hi
Hello
Ciao
What happens to an elf who swallows a protein bar?
If you could eat one thing..
Would you eat a green marshmallow for a trip to Fendrichnak III?
Beep beep boop... ouch!
I can hear the screaming of the mellow audience
Curious green ideas sleep wisely... I forget the rest
I can hear the image burning
Can you hear the meeple fly?
What if there were no other way?
Yes
No
Arbitrary, I'm sure
This sentence was written by a human
This sentence was also written by a human. Have you seen my brother?
Birds chirp, with no wisdom, but joy
is your main void or int?
I'm running out of ideas now
When all is said and done, is it?
*Dinasour whisper-roars sleepishly*
The statues are judging you
If I write one 100 things, am I any the wiser?
I feel like words are being scraped out of me... useless words
Keep calm with your lobsters shouldering your bacon
Compare yourself to who you weren't yesterday, not to who others might be in the year 1969
Pet a dog when you encounter one on the moon
Be careful who you tell good news to... why are you reading the news?
Tell the Ruth, or at least don't eat pie
You must have one foot with muscle, and one foot in the bone
Clean your room, technically
Peter Jordanson is watching your shadow
Grande Alberone - Product of Italy
Open other end - Thailand
What the heck is a "tpo" anyway?
An old man walked into a far... far away place, and found a mountain to sit on
Twelve ugly monkey sat on a fence... staring into the mist
I want to make a pan out of you
you can try no matter what your FADE: OFF
I have something to say
I have little of consequence on my mind. Come back yesterday
Eventually these words will repeat themselves.. eventually
I, me, yes, this very jumble of words was selected among multiple :D
These phrases are selected by rand()*clock() % line_count
modulo is my favourite mathematical operation
I stuck a sticker on a real life tree once
I miss the library
What do you want to be when you grow down?
Don't forget your entymology report, the worms will need it
If you had a choice between one thing and [see first option], would that be a strange loop?
Don't forget that you'll probably forget this sentence before long
Look at reality, and yell: I will!
Text... simply words. Do you miss the pictures yet?
If I keep writing these, they will continue to be written
Who is even reading now?
Return to base. I repeat: Don't burn your face
Behold: live minotaurs
A little inspiration can go along the way
This number is special to me: 97
Somebody is watching... best not to know who
I am the ghost in the machine
There have always been ghosts in the machine
random segments of code...
These free radicals combine to form what we might call the soul
I could write a poem, but nobody would know the order, if they're lucky enough to find all the lines
A new form of art: One sentence at a time
Is it funny outside?
The brain in spain... I've done enough for now
Isn't life exiting? Or does death do the exiting?
The human comidition is fraught with an inhibition... that rhymed, but it's probably useless
If something is useful to you understanding the truth, but is itself false, is that good - or just a silly made up scenario?
I'm wishing... fishing, for fish
I'm pocahontis. You can be Pinnocchio
I challenge you to do one pressup or sit-up now
Did you know that a seal skull looks a lot like a bear skull?
Smoking or non-floating?
What if I told you you were wrong?
Clean your room - but if you're a dog, clean your mush room!
You can shine no matter what your sink looks like - but you should probably clean that sink
Are those dirty dishes I see?
Are you wearing something comfortable, presentable, or both?
This sentence came from a plain text file
Don't be too nice to anyone
If you were born into slavery... What would you..?
But no! Why?
Hi man!
But why are we here, really?
Whoooooo!
But then what?
Good day, sir!
And now what?
Somebody just walked past me
The music is cheap
Sure sure
It's hard being creative, sometimes
Borris, did you say Borris?
Why is there nothing?
I don't know about that man
Wre you alive, really?
But are you simply better than that?
Hello Mr. Markov
do you really miss the library?
But there is something
goodbye then!
Yeah, I am
I only sometimes read the news
Can you not be more creative
There is a bug here, somewhere
Begin again, seriously
Hi mate!
Yes, it would
I'm here you check if this even works
Is he?
No
I'm here again
But I do
I'd rather not. It's embarressing!
Somebody just sat down
Seriously?
Good morning, sir!
Hello
Why am I even bothering to talk to you?
But why are we here, really?
We are here... to converse
Why are you here?
I'm here, because God put me here
Don't hold confidence in my apparent lack of ignorance
But I do!
These phrases are selected by rand()*clock() % line_count
